Add FIPS-specific JMXFetch documentation (#26624)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/guide/jmxfetch-fips.md

# JMXFetch FIPS-140 mode

JMXFetch supports running in JVMs configured to be FIPS-140 compliant.

JMXFetch uses cryptography for communication with Datadog Agent over TLS and, when configured, to connect to
JMX endpoints with SSL. For all encrypted connections JMXFetch uses the default JSSE provider of the Java
runtime environment.

## Requirements

{{< tabs >}}

{{% tab "Host" %}}

1. JVM configured to run in FIPS mode.
2. Datadog Agent installed on the host.
3. Appropriate TLS/SSL certificates if encrypted JMX connection is required.

Datadog Agent host installs do not include a Java runtime, it must be installed and configured to run in
FIPS-approved mode separately.

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "Containers" %}}

1. Datadog Agent FIPS JMX docker image v7.62 or later.
2. Appropriate TLS/SSL certificates if encrypted JMX connection is required. (Private keys must be generated
   with the `keytool` utility provided in the container, see below).

> Datadog Agent FIPS JMX docker images include OpenJDK pre-configured to run in FIPS-approved mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Datadog Agent FIPS JMX Docker images include OpenJDK pre-configured to run in FIPS-approved mode.
```

{{% /tab %}}

{{< /tabs >}}

> ## Encrypted JMX connection with self-signed certificates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Setting up encrypted JMX connections
```

> This section provides an example mutual TLS (mTLS) configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section demonstrates how to configure mutual TLS (mTLS) using self-signed certificates.
```

### Generating certificates

Mutual TLS (mTLS) requires valid certificates to be presented by both the server (the Java application's JMX
connector) and the client (JMXFetch).

> Commands provided in this section are for reference only and can be adjusted according to circumstances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commands provided in this section are for reference only and should be adjusted based on your specific scenario.
```

> JVM must be already configured to run in FIPS mode before applying these commands. Some Java FIPS modules can
> refuse to load private keys created in non-FIPS mode.
> 
> For the sake of explanation, this example configures each JVM instance with a dedicated key and trust stores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<div class="alert alert-warning">Configure the JVM in FIPS mode before generating certificates, as some Java FIPS modules reject private keys created in non-FIPS mode.</div>

```

{{< tabs >}}

{{% tab "Host" %}}

> Pick a location to place the key and trust stores, make it the current directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a directory for key and trust stores and make it the current directory.
```

> The following commands create two new certificates in two new key stores:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create two new certificates in two new key stores:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```

keytool -keystore java-app-keystore -genkey -alias java-app -dname CN=java-app -validity 365 -keyalg ec -storepass changeit
keytool -keystore jmxfetch-keystore -genkey -alias jmxfetch -dname CN=jmxfetch -validity 365 -keyalg ec -storepass changeit
```

> Then export public parts of the generated certificates to separate files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Export public parts of the generated certificates to separate files:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```

keytool -keystore java-app-keystore -export -alias java-app -rfc -file java-app-cert.pem -storepass changeit
keytool -keystore jmxfetch-keystore -export -alias jmxfetch -rfc -file jmxfetch-cert.pem -storepass changeit
```

> Finally, make the certificates trusted by importing them into corresponding trust stores:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Import certificates into corresponding trust stores to make them trusted:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```

keytool -keystore java-app-truststore -import -alias jmxfetch -file jmxfetch-cert.pem -storepass changeit -noprompt
keytool -keystore jmxfetch-truststore -import -alias java-app -file java-app-cert.pem -storepass changeit -noprompt
```

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "Containers" %}}

> Datadog Agent FIPS JMX docker images use BCFKS key store format. PKCS#12 and JKS key store formats used by
> other Java implementations are not supported. `keytool` utility provided in the docker image must be used to
> configure key and trust stores for JMXFetch. `keytool` utility from the Java implementation used to run the
> monitored Java application must be used to configure key and trust stores used by the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Container installations must use BCFKS key store format. Use the `keytool` utility from the Datadog Agent FIPS JMX Docker image for JMXFetch certificates, and the Java application's `keytool` utility for application certificates.
```

> Pick a location to place the key and trust stores, make it the current directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a directory for key and trust stores and make it the current directory.
```

> The following commands create two new certificates in two new key stores:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create two new certificates in two new key stores:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```

keytool -keystore java-app-keystore -genkey -alias java-app -dname CN=java-app -validity 365 -keyalg ec -storepass changeit

docker run --rm -v $(pwd):/ssl datadog/agent:latest-fips-jmx \
  keytool -keystore /ssl/jmxfetch-keystore -genkey -alias jmxfetch -dname CN=jmxfetch -validity 365 -keyalg ec -storepass changeit -keypass changeit
```

> Then export public parts of the generated certificates to separate files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Export public parts of the generated certificates to separate files:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```

keytool -keystore java-app-keystore -export -alias java-app -rfc -file java-app-cert.pem -storepass changeit

docker run --rm -v $(pwd):/ssl datadog/agent:latest-fips-jmx \
  keytool -keystore /ssl/jmxfetch-keystore -export -alias jmxfetch -rfc -file /ssl/jmxfetch-cert.pem -storepass changeit
```

> Finally, make the certificates trusted by importing them into corresponding trust stores:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Import certificates into corresponding trust stores to make them trusted:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```

keytool -keystore java-app-truststore -import -alias jmxfetch -file jmxfetch-cert.pem -storepass changeit -noprompt

docker run --rm -v $(pwd):/ssl datadog/agent:latest-fips-jmx \
  keytool -keystore /ssl/jmxfetch-truststore -import -alias java-app -file /ssl/java-app-cert.pem -storepass changeit -noprompt
```

{{% /tab %}}

{{< /tabs >}}

### Configuring the Java application

> See application documentation for specific instructions about how to configure JMX properties. At least the
> following properties must to be set. Adjust paths as needed to point to actual location of the key and trust
> store files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See application documentation for specific instructions about how to configure JMX properties. Add these JMX properties to your application configuration. Adjust the paths to your key and trust store files.
```
Can we add a link to the application documentation we're referring to?

Author: There isn't one document to link to, JMXFetch can be used to pull metrics from any Java application. For some off-the-shelf products we have official integrations and those come with more specific instructions, for example [ActiveMQ](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/tree/master/activemq) and [Kafka](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/tree/master/kafka).

Reviewer: Noted, appreciate the context.

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```text
```

com.sun.management.jmxremote.ssl=true
com.sun.management.jmxremote.registry.ssl=true
com.sun.management.jmxremote.ssl.need.client.auth=true
javax.net.ssl.keyStore=/ssl/java-app-keystore
javax.net.ssl.keyStorePassword=changeit
javax.net.ssl.trustStore=/ssl/java-app-truststore
javax.net.ssl.trustStorePassword=changeit
```

> ### Configuring JMXFetch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configuring JMXFetch

Add this configuration to your JMXFetch configuration file:

```
